After almost an hour.
Did any case come?
- What?
Was there any case?
Yes, spicy chicken.
Shut up. Spicy chicken.
We are asking if there was any case?
What?
- Case?
Yes. I have seated
them in the room inside.
In the room inside.
Whom do you want?
Detective.
- I'm him. Please be seated.
I'm his assistant.
- Please, sit.
What is the case?
My Kamala..
- Has gone missing?
Since when?
Yesterday evening, when she left..
- She didn't come back.
Yes. Please find my Kamala,
dear son.
What did you understand?
Last evening, Kamala left home..
And hasn't returned since.
It is a case of disappearance.
- Correct.
I think we can take up the case.
- Sure, exactly.
What will happen?
Will I see her again?
Do you have a photograph of Kamala?
I have no photograph.
Please tell me what
Kamala looks like?
She is very fair.
She has big black eyes.
Fair complexion and big black eyes.
It seems that she is beautiful.
- You must be enjoying writing.
Tell me something else.
She is very calm. Very obedient.
That isn't all that important.
Please tell me something else.
I'll tell you, son. I'll tell you.
Everyday she gives 250ml milk.
Milk.. milk?
She gives milk?
- Kamala gives milk?
She must be a mother.
No, she is a cow.
It has been a year since
I bought her for Rs.5.
Hopeless. We don't deal with cows.
Where shall I find her then?
- Go to the police.
I didn't find her there.
Then go to Vrindavan.
- Vrindavan?
Yes, to the stable of cows.
- Yes, go there.
At the end a cow's case?
Bhanu, how many
times I have told you..
To join the police
detective department.
There, we will have an
income and respect as well.
My foot, we will get anything.
What will be the value
of my talent over there?
How much will they pay me?
Remember, this land of Bengal,
why just Bengal..
This whole country
will know detective Bhanu.
You are right.
Don't lose heart, Bhanu.
If we get a good case,
you will be as..
Famous as Robert Blake.
Here, Ghantaghana.
Did they give the newspaper today?
- Why a mattress?
Not a mattress. Newspaper.
Newspaper?
Three months' subscription is due.
He said that he won't give anymore.
Oh, they won't? Listen. Listen.
Get the paper from
the neighbour's house?
Aunt's house?
- Neighbour's house.
You could have told this earlier.
Why have you kept this deaf man?
Detectives have a lot of secrets, right?
- Yes.
He can't hear anything.
That is why when he asks for
his salary, we can't hear.
You're very intelligent, Bhanu.
Now, let me work.
Nupur, when did you
come back from Delhi?
Just now. I came to you, Sheila.
Really? Come inside.
No letter or news. All of a
sudden you came to Kolkata?
Kolkata? I came for a job interview.
Interview? Does your father agree?
Father? No. Yes, he agreed.
Sheila. Sheila, I'm leaving.
Let me introduce. Nupur Chatterjee.
We would study in the
same college in Delhi.
Hello.
- Hello.
Bhanu, read this.
What is it?
- Case.
Again a case?
- Yes. Look at this.
Read this. Read this.
My daughter, Nupur Chatterjee..
Has disappeared from Delhi.
Age, 23-24. Colour, very fair.
Height, 5 feet 3 inches.
Mole on the right cheek.
Person who finds her
will get 10,000.. Rs.10,000.
Dr. Digambar Chatterjee,
Daryaganj, Delhi.
Rs.10,000.
- Did you see Nupur Chatterjee's face?
I see you have a
habit of waking up early.
Will you have tea or cola?
- Whatever you give.
Go wash your hands.
I will prepare breakfast.
Didn't they give the paper today?
Paper?
No.
- Isn't it on the veranda?
Our newspaper
vendor is getting worse.
I will send the guard.
- Don't send the guard.
The vendor said the
papers are closed today.
Closed? Why?
- There has been a strike at the office.
I see.
"Today, my inebriation has
brought me out of the shadows."
Good evening, Ms. Chatterjee.
Yes. I see you are in the house.
Why are you switching it off?
No, I'm not switching it off.
Which station are you
searching for? Delhi?
Delhi?
No, I can't remember properly.
Where is Sheila?
She didn't give you the tea.
Sheila. Sheila.
When did you come?
What are you reading
with so much of attention?
Read this area marked
with the red pencil.
Newspaper? Today's?
- Yes.
My daughter, Nupur Chatterjee..
Has disappeared from Delhi.
That is why Nupur was
saying in the morning..
The newspapers
haven't come out today.
Strike.
Was she really saying?
She fought with her
father and ran away from home.
Must be.
When she does not have any husband..
Who else will she fight
against except her old father.
Listen, let us send a telegram
to Nupur's father tomorrow.
We just can't let go
Rs.10,000 like that.
Sure, sure. What is
the need for a telegram?
I'm flying to
Delhi tomorrow morning.
I can go to Dr. Chatterjee
and bring him here.
What say?
Do keep an eye on your friend?
- Definitely.
Are you leaving? Where? Why?
I was just going to market to shop.
Shopping? It is only 7 o'clock now.
All shops are closed.
Go in the evening.
Evening?
I won't get time in the evening.
I have to go for the job interview.
Then I too will come with you.
You? Why should you come?
If you go alone, you will get tired.
Wait, I will get my bag.
Listen, it would have
been good if you had come.
But there is a trivial issue.
- Issue? What issue?
The issue is that
someone is supposed..
To come here in the morning.
Who?
- I mean a friend of mine.
Friend? - Yes, we were
introduced in Delhi last year.
He has also come to town.
So, you are having secret meetings.
What is the name?
Name? The name is Dilip Kumar.
Dilip Kumar? What does he look like?
Looks? Sheila I'm getting late.
Receive him from my side.
Just tell him I will
be back immediately.
"What happens when,
who will be able to tell.."
"how many lovely
stories are formed along.."
"the road of our lives,
who can say?"
"What happens when,
who will be able to tell.."
"how many lovely
stories are formed along.."
"the road of our lives,
who can say?"
"So many beggars get
lakhs of rupees.."
"so many kings become paupers."
"Who knows whose destiny
might change in this world?"
"How many lovely
stories are formed along.."
"the road of our lives,
who can say?"
"What happens when,
who will be able to tell.."
"how many lovely
stories are formed along.."
"the road of our lives,
who can say?"
"Believe me or not,
life is more interesting than a novel."
"A magician might
make gold disappear.."
"and beauty lies in
the eyes of the beholder."
"A magician might
make gold disappear.."
"and beauty lies in
the eyes of the beholder."
"Maybe you will give
your heart to a person..
"Who you have never dreamt of."
How many lovely
stories are formed along.."
"the road of our lives,
who can say?"
"What happens when,
who will be able to tell.."
"how many lovely
stories are formed along.."
"the road of our lives,
who can say?"
Boy. Skewered Kebab.
Boy.
Bhanu. The girl.
The girl?
- Yes. - The girl.
Where? - Bhanu, she was right here.
Where did she go?
If she was here, where did she go?
- What do you mean?
Did you check properly?
- Sure and certain.
Was there a mole on the right cheek?
Probably.
- Very fair complexion? - Probably.
What probably?
What were you looking at?
Beauty.
- Rubbish.
When you had come to call me
couldn't you keep her busy?
How could I have kept her busy?
You could have
introduced yourself to her.
That was what I had
thought of, Brother.
But when I saw her,
the 'Calm September' music..
Started playing in my heart.
'Calm September' started
playing in your heart? Shut up.
You should quit being a detective.
You will not be able
to do this work.
Why are you getting angry?
Hey, where is the
madam who was sitting here?
She just went down.
- Come with me.
Okay, Anjan, that is our plan then.
So, you are coming
to Burdhman on Sunday?
Yes, but is your money
and everything ready?
Yes, you don't have
to worry about that.
Do one thing.
Make someone wait at the station.
I will be there myself.
Okay, I'll take your leave now.
You have a wonderful voice.
- I feel like dying for the voice.
Thank you.
- Please give us one autograph.
Please, autograph.
- Autograph?
Please give us one autograph.
What happened?
- Pain in the stomach.
Please, some other time.
No. Please don't be scared.
I'm no ghost.
Then how did you get
onto a moving car? Yes?
I didn't get onto the moving car.
I mean, I came into
your car earlier and was..
Hiding under the back seat.
You were hiding?
- Yes. - Why?
Just for one night. - For night,
in my car? Is my car a hotel?
Do you think I don't
understand what you want?
Get down. Get down.
I don't like such girls.
Please listen. Please don't
get annoyed. I'm a lonely girl.
Where will I go so late at night?
Please help me for one night.
I'm in a grave problem.
Then I'm in trouble.
Am I a public servant?
I don't know you.
Where will I take you so late at night?
Take me anywhere you want.
Just for tonight.
Take me anywhere.
No, I won't be able
to take you anywhere.
I'm in big trouble.
Trouble? What trouble?
Two men have been
chasing me since evening.
Who are they?
I don't know.
But they seem to be policemen.
Police? Have you
committed a murder or something?
No, I haven't committed any murder.
I will tell everything to you.
Now, please go from here.
If they come, they will take
me away and they will think..
That you are helping me run away.
I am. Why will I run away with you?
They have come. Please hurry up.
Sheila.
Sheila, this is Dr. Digambar
Chatterjee.
Your friend's father.
Call her.
Nupur?
What is the problem?
Where is Nupur? Call her.
Nupur ran away again.
What?
Nupur? My God.
Nupur? My God. Nupur ran away again?
Anjan. Are you back?
Dundubhi. The landlord.
Landlord? I'm running away.
It's a problem. He has come.
I understand. I understand. She's..
I mean, your wife.
You think that I don't understand?
You should have told me earlier.
I understand. Understand.
Then I would have
made a few arrangements.
It is very late at night.
Take your wife upstairs.
Upstairs?
Yes, upstairs. Come up.
Come upstairs.
Your parents, brothers or sisters?
No one lives here.
Then I will leave.
Wait. Don't scared.
You might be a robber or a murderer.
But I have no choice
than to give you..
A place to stay for the night.
Otherwise, I won't
be able to show my..
Face to the landlord tomorrow.
You can trust me.
I'm neither a robber nor a murderer.
Then why are the
detectives after you?
I have run away from home.
- What?
You have run away?
Why? Tell me.
Due to the fear of marriage.
Are you trying to fool me?
Are women ever afraid of marriage?
It's only the men who feel scared.
Even women feel afraid
if they get grooms like mine.
What do you mean?
You please sit down.
What was your groom like?
African or Mongolian?
Bengali.
Bengali?
Bengali grooms become the wives.
Why were you afraid then?
I will tell you. I will trust
you and tell you everything.
What's your name?
Nupur Chatterjee.
House?
Delhi.
Delhi?
My mother is no more.
Father is Digambar Chatterjee.
A renowned surgeon of Delhi.
I used to study in college.
Uncle. What is this?
Can't you see both
my hands are engaged?
You are a strange man.
Listen, send me a
cup of coffee. Strong.
Okay.
- Listen to one more thing. Marriage.
Marriage? Whose?
Yours.
Mine? Seriously?
Brother-in-law has
selected the groom personally.
Father? Really?
Really.
Uncle, how is he?
Very grand, very grand.
Like honey. Very nice.
How are his looks?
Very nice, very nice.
Is he tall?
Yes. Quite tall.
About four-and-half feet.
Four-and-half feet?
I'm 5 feet 3 inches.
What has height got to do with it?
Complexion?
Complexion? Very dark.
But he has good brains.
He is a business magnate.
He has a medicine shop.
Hey, listen..
Has Ram Dhwani quit the job?
No.
Why did you bring the coffee then?
I had to talk to you
about something, Father.
You can speak.
Uncle Panu was saying that..
Yes, your marriage.
I have found a suitable boy.
He has good looks
and is very talented.
You must have heard
everything from Panu.
I will not marry, Father.
What? You have not
been a student of biology.
You didn't study biology that
is why you are saying all this.
I chose such a nice groom..
I didn't choose him.
What did you say? Choose?
Is a husband sari,
jewellery or vanity bag..
That you have to choose?
Your mother didn't choose and marry.
She married and then started liking.
You too will do that.
But my future, my principles?
Don't act smart. I understand
your future better than you.
And you are not a girl like
Tereskov to go into space.
And even she had married.
You too will marry, have children,
and bring them up.
That should be your principle.
Wait.
Your wedding day has been
fixed on the coming 28th.
Mother.
I have been running
around since that day.
Tell me, did I do
anything wrong by not marrying..
My father's choice of groom?
Ms. Chatterjee,
I don't like the topic of marriage.
Marriage means riot.
I trusted you,
and I told you everything.
Will you hand me over?
Are you mad?
I will get stuck trying to hand you over.
Anyways?
Now, ashes will come out of my nose.
Ashes? Why?
My intestines are burning with hunger.
- Hunger?
Yes. Let's see what
the servant has left.
That is why I don't like girls.
Adding on every time.
Keep me in your car.
Keep me in your house. Give me food.
I can't bear all that.
You don't have to bear anything.
So much of anger.
Come and sit on the table.
You eat.
Won't I be cursed to keep
you in front of me and eat?
You want me to die?
Come on.
Jahar, do you remember the
number of the car in which..
Ms. Chatterjee ran away?
Sure and certain. I have written it.
WBC-2905.
Good, good.
You call the registration office.
Find out the name
and address of the owner.
You are asking me to call.
Is there connection?
There is till today.
They will disconnect tomorrow.
Okay.
WBC..
2905.
B-49, N Road.
Is anyone home? Is anyone home?
What is over there?
The pencil.
Pencil, I see.
Please, sit.
Whenever I come, Ghanta Ram says
you are not at home.
I can't stay.
The pressure of work is so much.
I can understand. I'm not leaving
without taking the rent.
I'm sitting here.
How many months' rent?
Taking this month, ten months' rent.
Only ten months?
I will give it. I will give it.
When will you give it?
After my death will you be doing a
money-order to the heaven?
You are getting excited.
Please check your pressure.
I will give it this time around.
Just let Rs.10,000
come into my hands.
What are you saying?
Yes. Do you think I'm bluffing?
Here, take a look. Look at this.
Read it. The case is in my hands.
If only you can catch that girl.
What do you mean can catch her?
We have caught her.
Clean catch, caught, caught.
You go home tension free.
We will send ten months rent,
two months' advance..
Within a couple of days.
Really. Then I'm going.
Yes. Goodbye. Goodbye.
- Goodbye.
What happened?
I have found it out.
WBC-2905 car number..
Anjan Mukherjee, famous singer.
Address is B-49, N Road,
New Alipore.
Finally, we found a trail.
You know Jahar?
What?
I feel Rs. 10,000 will
come into our hands.
It seems to be in our destiny.
Bhanu, you keep the Rs.10,000.
I want the princess
to fall in my destiny.
Destiny?
Hopeless.
What is hopeless?
- Your servant's cooking.
Then what is this?
What?
Look, you have
licked the dish clean.
That is out of hunger.
Girls are exactly like this.
I bring you home in my car.
Let you eat from my share.
And now, there is
criticism at every step.
Okay, I will cook the food tomorrow.
Who is it?
- Open the door.
Open the door. It is me.
Who are you?
Open the door. It is me. Anjan.
What happened?
- Coming.
It is you.
- What happened? Did you fall asleep?
No. I thought..
What? That it's the detectives?
Something like that.
It is understandable.
After all, you are a fugitive.
Here is your sari and blouse.
Don't take anything if you
don't like it. My God, what taste!
I criticise like you.
How much did it cost?
Will you pay for it?
- Otherwise, you will give it or what?
Rich man's daughter,
that's why it is hurting your prestige.
It is your habit to
beat about the bush.
Send one cup of tea.
"The queen of nature
has woken me up.."
"with the golden
rays of the sun and.."
"sweet music of the flute."
"The queen of nature
has woken me up.."
"with the golden
rays of the sun and.."
"sweet music of the flute."
"The queen of nature.."
"I wake up and see that.."
"I have been given a garland."
"I don't know his name,
but he looks known to me."
"The sweet music
woke me in my dreams."
"The queen of nature.."
"My heart blooms with joy.."
"and I see many dreams."
"And I see only his dreams."
"The sweet music of the
flute woke my dreams."
"The queen of nature
has woken me up.."
"with the golden
rays of the sun and.."
"sweet music of the flute."
"The queen of nature.."
Good morning, Anjan. Hello.
Hello. I didn't exactly..
Recognise us.
You will recognise us. You will.
Let us sit first. Come.
If you have come to
invite me for a function..
Then I don't have any time.
Not for a function. Not a function.
Not for a function.
What then? Who are you?
I'm Bamkesh Chakraborty,
retired secretary Jute Regulations.
My name is Panchkuri
Ghosh the manager of..
That Royal Bengal Opera.
I can't sing for any opera.
You don't have to sing.
- We haven't come for that.
Then?
We have come to meet Nupur.
Nupur? Who is Nupur?
Where is she? Call her.
Call her. I want to see her.
How are you related to her?
I'm Nupur's uncle.
Digambar is my cousin.
Digambar Chatterjee?
I'm a distant relative on his
aunt's side. Panchkuri Ghosh.
Chatterjee's relative Ghosh?
It was a civil marriage.
Civil marriage?
How do you know that your niece?
Nupur had written a
letter from Delhi.
I don't even know her.
How can she write?
She had written with her own hands.
What? That she will
be putting up with me?
Yes.
- It can't happen. I don't believe it.
He doesn't believe it.
The wig is itching.
I am telling you that
she had written it herself.
Yes, I'm telling you that
she has written it herself.
Yes. She wrote it herself.
Do you believe us?
Yes, I do.
There it is.
It is full of bugs.
Who are you? And tell the truth.
Who are we?
Have you heard the
name of Detective Bhanu?
Detective?
I'm that person. I'm giving
competition to Robert Blake.
And I am assistant to the
great detective Bhanu, Jahar.
But why are you here?
No, no. Can you deny the fact
that you were running away..
In your car with
Nupur Chatterjee in your car.
I was running away?
Yes, you are the man?
Superman.
"I wake up and see that.."
"I have been given a garland."
"I don't know his name,
but he looks known to me."
Shall we?
Where are you going?
Whichever detective you may be.
I will knock you out
with a single punch.
Even I know boxing.
I will take you..
Shut up.
I will deal with you later.
Let's go, Bhanu.
Again it started? Again it started?
- What happened?
Corollary.
- Corollary?
Yes. He gets an
attack every now and then.
Will he die? - Get a glass of water,
please. He might die.
Please get a glass of water.
Where did you send me?
That is the bathroom.
Bathroom? Do one thing.
Look over there.
I can't find her anywhere.
Who was singing?
Where will she go?
And who was singing.
There it is. Radio.
Radio?
- Radio? Look at us.
Where did she go?
Did they go? I'm saved.
Didn't you find any
other time to sing a song?
At least, they went away.
Hold this. Make some tea fast.
- Okay.
Are you there?
Who is it? Who came now?
Mr. Anjan, are you there?
Mr. Doondori?
I see I have woken
you up from your sleep.
No, I have been up for
quite sometime. Please sit.
Yes.
It happens when the
wife comes back home..
After a long time,
you will wake up early.
It happens to the best of us, sir.
Those were the days.
Are you making tea?
Yes, I told her.
Tell sister-in-law to
make three cups of tea.
Sister-in-law?
- Yes, your wife.
You mean? Okay, Sister-in-law.
Yes, I'm her brother-in-law.
Brother-in-law?
We don't have much
difference in age.
It is only this bald
patch that I have got.
Otherwise, I'm very young in age.
There is not much
difference in our age.
Can you arrange me a servant?
Servant? Where is Bondul?
Bondul has gone on his vacation.
Bondul is not here?
So what? I am here.
I will do the work in your house.
What are you saying?
Shut up.
You want your wife to do the work?
No, I will not let this happen.
- Shut up.
At least, take your money.
Money is always there.
I will be back later.
I'm going.
Going?
You had given me
shelter for one night.
I will never forget
your gratefulness.
Females are so selfish.
So self-centred.
You are going away after
putting me into trouble.
What is the trouble now?
Does anyone's wife go
away after just one night?
You came last night.
If you go today..
Won't Mr. Doondori be suspicious?
That means a scandal
in the whole area.
Females are so self-centred.
The criticism of females
is always on your lips.
But tell me what shall I do?
Please stay here for a
few days and then go.
And where will you go?
There is police. Detectives.
The advertisement in the
papers given by your father.
Then how can I live here?
You don't trust girls a bit.
So, I will start trusting today.
Okay. I will also live for a
few days and repay your debt.
Good, good. Thank you.
Tea.
Did I spoil the moment?
The drama will get interesting.
What do you say?
Even I had seen these days, Brother.
Even I had such days.
Do you think that the police
is here to solve the fight..
Between father and daughter?
Then what?
This has happened because of you?
What? - As a father you try
to rule your daughter.
But can't you
understand her feelings?
Yes, Dubey. You are right.
You have said the right thing.
Dubey, I can understand
the anatomy of a human being.
I'm an expert on it.
But I have never
tried to understand the..
Feelings of my daughter.
I never understood Nupur's feelings.
You are right.
With Bondul gone,
you have got a nice job.
I like this job. Get me a real job.
Am I an employment
exchange or a deputy minister?
Why? You are such a famous singer.
You have contacts
with so many people.
How long will I be a
burden on your shoulders?
Arrange a job for me,
and I will go away.
If you have to go away,
then go to Delhi.
Delhi? Not anymore.
I will go there and father
will set me up with that man.
I have lost all
interest in marriage.
I will never marry in my life.
Good. I think on the same lines.
Why do you think on the same lines?
I will never marry in my life.
Even I had an obstacle
of marriage in my life.
Really? How?
I will eat and tell, okay?
Tell.
Yes, I am saying.
Let me light the cigarette.
I was born in Lucknow,
even though I..
Did my studies from Calcutta.
I always had one liking
since childhood. That was..
Music?
Right. Right.
After passing B.A.,
my music went full throttle.
Father.. No, father had
passed away by that time.
Anyway, I sang on the radio.
Released an album.
Got a call for films.
Everything was fine.
Then suddenly a
disaster struck my life.
Disaster?
Disaster! It came struck my life.
It is a feminine.
Nevertheless,
wherever I go to sing..
Hundreds of books
come forth for autograph.
My hands starting
pain after signing them.
I'm singing song after song.
My voice started cracking.
Still everything was okay.
And girls? Oh, my God.
All the different types
of girls in the world..
Fat, thin, tall,
short, arrogant, all types..
Would come and catch hold of me.
As if I was an offering from God.
Never mind, such fear of
women arose in my heart..
That I feel scared
on seeing young women.
That is why you got scared
on seeing me in the car?
Yes. No. I didn't get scared.
That night you..
- Don't disturb me.
What was I saying?
- The disaster.
Yes. I ran away from Kolkata..
Just to escape from these girls.
Where?
- Lucknow!
My luck. You remembered
your mother after so long.
I live alone.
This big house feels haunted.
This time around,
I'm not leaving in a hurry, Mother.
I'm going to live with you.
You will. You have to.
Who will take care of me if not you?
You are such a good son.
Wait a minute. What is the matter?
Suddenly you gave me such
a big certificate.
Marry and have a family.
Upon seeing this,
I can die in peace. What else?
Marriage?
- Yes, dear.
Why to go into those complications?
Let us go for a pilgrimage.
What do you say?
Come on.
What nonsense do you speak? Listen.
Your uncle has
brought a good proposal.
The girl is very nice.
Such girls don't come everyday.
Mother, I don't want a wife.
I don't want to get married.
What nonsense you speak?
Your uncle was saying
that the girl is very nice.
Besides that, I have given my word.
You have given your word?
Yes, I have given my word.
Where is uncle?
In the wrestling arena?
Okay.
'Marry and have a family.'
'Upon seeing this, I can die in peace.'
'Mother, I got my
teacher's advice in my dream.'
'I'm going into exile.
Your son, Anjan.'
Although my mother did not
advertise in the papers..
But still, we are more or
less floating in the same boat.
You are a male. What
will happen to you?
You can find a female
from your fan club..
And marry her.
Again?
- Why?
Somehow, I managed to
escape the disaster.
I'm happy with my music.
But I can't live without a job.
Arrange a job for me.
You will not get a job.
Why?
If during the job,
you get caught by the police..
Your photo has
become quite popular now.
Then there is no chance of a job.
I have to live as your burden?
Wait. Let me think a little.
You know how to sing, right?
You heard.
Yes, I heard. Your
voice sounds simple.
I had learnt it in Delhi.
Only singing?
No, I know a little bit of
dance as well. Little bit.
Good.
You will get a job.
I will? Where?
You will find out
when once you get it.
I will take you in the evening.
One, two, three, four.
"My heart is a flower,
the wind blows through my hair."
"You remain my only love, my dear."
No, it's not happening.
I'm singing correctly.
- It is not happening. Try it again.
"You remain my only love, my dear."
- Sing.
It's not happening.
Not happening?
- No. Try again. Start.
"My heart is a flower,
the wind blows through my hair."
"You remain my only love, my dear."
It is not happening.
Nothing is happening.
Are the lyrics wrong?
No.
- Then?
Lyrics are just the
body not the song.
You have to feel the song.
You have no body. No soul.
Where is the feeling in your song?
It is not happening.
The way Lalita is singing,
will Mr. Anjan do..
Let it be. Let it be.
Then forget me.
I will not be able to work like this.
I'm not feeling well, sir.
I'm going.
Oh, God! My advance
booking has begun.
And you are saying
the heroine won't do.
Oh, God, what do I do?
Either get a new heroine,
or let me go.
What are you saying?
If I leave you,
my theatre will close down.
And where will I get
a new heroine now?
It is not a commodity that I
will go to the market and get.
She has to know how to sing..
She has to
know how to dance.
And on top of that, she has
to know how to be beautiful.
Where will I get such a heroine?
There is one.
- There is?
Will you see? I will get her.
- Yes, of course.
Wait for a minute.
The matter is almost done.
Done? - Yes. Do you remember
what I said? - Khushi Banu..
Khushi Banu, Faizabad.
Okay? Come on.
What Banu will you say?
No, no. Khushi Banu.
- Good. Come.
Look, sir. Will she do?
Hello. Please be seated.
Name?
Khushi Banu.
Where from?
Faizabad.
Faizabad? Do you know Bengali?
Yes, I know.
Khushi, my theatre is a Bengali one.
Yes, I have been in
Bengal for a long time.
I can speak in Bengali.
Then it is very good. Take the test.
Test?
- Yes, test. - Test. Oh, test?
Ms. Khushi, go to the green room.
I will be right there.
- Yes, take her there.
Accountant, take her.
- See you.
Come, Ms. Khushi.
Sir, will you be
making a contract today?
Of course.
Look, there are about five days.
You spend the night in rehearsals.
And I will spend everything
in publicity. Is it okay?
Khushi Banu.
Khushi Banu. The heart is
happy upon seeing the name.
Have you seen the face? What a gem?
Who is this?
A beauty.
I understood the
beauty part. But who is she?
Where is she from?
Yes, she has a name.
I went to the theatre
and found out everything.
Theatre? Why did you
go to the theatre?
A beautiful girl.
Wouldn't I want to find out about her?
Do you know what I found out?
She is from Faridabad.
Her mother is some Bai.
And she is very good
dancer and singer.
That is why Anjan Mukherjee
brought her into theatre.
Who brought her?
That guy. The musician.
Anjan Mukherjee.
Do you see the luck of the man?
All the beauties of
the world go to him.
Nothing like this has
ever happened to me.
Have you ever seen
this Khushi Banu before?
No.
- Yes, you have.
I'm telling you I have not seen her.
I have never gone to Faridabad and..
You are saying
that I have seen her.
Look properly.
You have seen her before.
No, I will never look at
a beautiful girl again.
If I look at the picture
of a beautiful girl..
The music of 'Calm September'
starts playing in my heart.
You can't be a detective. Quit it.
Look at this. Match this.
Look at this.
Bhanu, this is..
Yes, very doubtful case.
Now, I have to see if this
Khushi Banu is real or fake.
What theatre did you say?
- Ruby Theatre.
Ruby. Ruby Theatre.
"The flower is blooming,
the moon is shining.."
"The night is dressed like a bride."
"The flower is blooming,
the moon is shining.."
"The night is dressed like a bride."
"A rose has bloomed in this
heart is this romantic night."
"My veil flies in
the wind into the sky."
"A rose has bloomed in this
heart is this romantic night."
"My veil flies in
the wind into the sky."
"My heart calls out
the name of my lover."
"The flower is blooming,
the moon is shining.."
"The night is dressed like a bride."
"With his eyes, he has
targeted this heart of mine."
"And one day, he will
become the king of this heart."
"With his eyes, he has
targeted this heart of mine."
"And one day, he will
become the king of this heart."
"My heart beats fast and
calls out the name of my lover."
"The flower is blooming,
the moon is shining.."
"The night is dressed like a bride."
"The flower is blooming,
the moon is shining.."
"The night is dressed like a bride."
"The flower is blooming,
the moon is shining.."
"The night is dressed like a bride."
"The flower is blooming,
the moon is shining.."
"The night is dressed like a bride."
Where did you bring me?
- Be quiet. - What 'be quiet'?
What is this?
- Not this either.
Wear this.
- But this is a ladies costume.
And you will go and
dance with the girls.
I will dance with the girls.
But I am a man.
No, you'll look like a girl.
- Would I?
What happened?
Khushi Banu will change her
costume and come back. - Okay.
Don't let him come
out of stage. - Okay.
He is a brilliant artist.
Sign him up if you can. - Very good.
No more of this. We have to
run away from Kolkata tonight.
Come on, quick.
Are you ready?
Let's go.
What's this?
- Why?
You couldn't fool the detectives..
Dressed as Khushi Banu.
You think you will
fool them without make-up.
Shall I cover my face with the veil?
And what if the
police lift up the veil?
If I wear the Muslim
veil then will it do?
No, then they will
get more Suspicious.
Suddenly a veil.
Police aren't that stupid.
Then what shall we do?
Come with me into the room.
I knew this would come to use.
This will fit you.
What is it? - This is an old suit
of mine. I hoped it would be useful.
What will I do?
- You have to wear it.
I have to wear this?
- Yes.
But..
- No ifs and buts. Wear it fast.
Come in.
Very good. Something
is left. Come with me.
Don't mind it. Raise your head.
Very good. Now, see yourself.
Enough. Hurry up.
Come on. Quick.
Mr. Anjan, where are you going?
I'm going on a vacation.
Vacation? Where?
Nearby. Not too far. Lal Tila.
Lal Tila. Why alone?
Where is sister-in-law?
Sister-in-law? She has already gone.
Yes, she has gone.
And now I'm going.
What are you saying?
You are going on a honeymoon.
Honeymoon? No-no.
What are you saying? Honeymoon.
I'm going for a change. A change.
It is all the same.
Who is the foreigner with you?
He looks exactly like sister-in-law.
Yes. He is her relative.
Big family. I see.
Lot of resemblance.
Mr. Anjan, have you done your tickets?
Tickets?
For Lal Tila.
No, I'm going there by car.
You will be going by car? I see.
Make sure that nobody
comes to know that..
We are going to Lal Tila..
Don't worry.
What I hear once, I digest it.
Don't worry. Good bye.
God bless them.
Sir, listen to me. - What do you want?
- Is Mr. Anjan there? - Who?
Mr. Anjan? He just left on a
honeymoon a little while back.
Where?
- Honeymoon.
Can you tell us where he
has gone on a honeymoon?
He has gone to..
I can't say. I can't say.
It is very important.
- I can't say. I'm sorry.
Hold him. Hold him.
- What do you mean?
Are you trying to scare me?
I won't tell you.
Hopeless.
Please don't spoil this case for us.
Tell us where they have gone?
Delhi? Agra?
Kashmir? You have gone mad.
They have gone to Lal Tila,
and you are saying Kashmir.
But I will not tell you
where Mr. Anjan has gone.
Lal Tila? Where is Lal Tila, Bhanu?
That is in North Bengal.
That is very far.
Can we take our car over there?
I'm thinking of taking a
jeep from Aloke's garage.
Jeep.
Lal Tila.
Where have they gone?
Lal Tila or Neel Tila.
Do you see?
Where have Nupur and Anjan gone?
Neel Tila or Lal Tila.
I don't really know.
I will toss a coin.
Lal Tila.
The place is very beautiful,
isn't it?
Wouldn't it be good if we stayed
back here for a few days?
It will be very good.
But I can't stay
like a man any longer.
And won't draw
this moustache either.
It is very uncomfortable.
Why? It looks good on you.
My foot. I will wear a
sari from today itself.
If you want to wear a sari,
then at night.
Do you want me to
get handcuffed by..
Wearing a sari in day time.
You are a big coward.
Who will come to catch
me in this strange place?
What do you want?
Do you have any rooms available?
No, whatever we had
have been occupied.
The ones who have come,
are they a male and a female?
Two men have come.
Two men? How did you
know they are two men?
Will I not understand?
They might be in disguise.
I will come later.
They're here. - Who?
- Detective Bhanu. - Get up, run.
What is it?
A ladies handkerchief.
Ladies handkerchief.
What happened?
N.
N?
What name can it be?
N for.. it can be Nandita,
Nirmala, Neelima.
All these names.
Nupur.
Nupur? Sure and certain.
Pine yard Grove.
She is in this house.
- In this house?
Hello. Is there any girl
named Nupur Chatterjee over here?
She has come from Delhi.
Nupur Chatterjee? No.
You can't bluff us. We have proof.
You have proof? What proof?
- Show it to her.
This is my handkerchief.
Where did you get this?
Near the gate.
How can it be yours? What is your name?
Navtara.
- Navtara?
It's over.
- Why should your name be Navtara?
What rubbish?
- No, why should your name be Navtara?
Father.
"The eyes of night
have kohl of drowsiness."
"And my eyes are open."
"The eyes of night
have kohl of drowsiness."
"And my eyes are open."
"But these days I stay
awake alone to listen to.."
"the sound of the early bird."
"The eyes of night
have kohl of drowsiness."
"And my eyes are open."
"But these days I stay
awake alone to listen to.."
"the sound of the early bird."
"But these days,
I stay awake alone to listen to.."
"the sound of the early bird."
"Oh, friend,
I wish this night does not end."
"The kohl of sleep is
put on my eyes at night."
"The eyes of night
have kohl of drowsiness."
"And my eyes are open."
"So many songs are
heard in my dreams."
"And the smell of honey is
carried by the pleasant wind."
"So many songs are
heard in my dreams."
"And the smell of honey is
carried by the pleasant wind."
"Oh, friend,
I wish this night does not end."
"This is the joy of life."
"The eyes of night
have kohl of drowsiness."
"And my eyes are open."
"The kohl of sleep is
put on my eyes at night."
"This is what I really like."
"The eyes of night
have kohl of drowsiness."
"And my eyes are open."
Why didn't you sleep?
I'm not feeling sleepy.
Why?
Mosquitoes.
You didn't sleep?
Bedbugs.
What?
Look. That car.
Correct number.
You go from here.
I will go from here.
Have you ever seen such
beautiful moon?
Yes, in the veranda of
this Woodland Hotel.
Bhanu, the doors are closed.
How will we enter?
Get the rope from the car.
The rope?
Listen.
- I'm coming.
What happened?
- Look, there's someone down there.
You go up.
Me?
- Yes.
Who is it? Who is down there?
It's me.
Me? Who me? Answer me or else..
What are you doing?
I will fall down. I'm Jahar.
Detective Bhanu's assistant.
I have come to catch you.
What will happen now?
They will catch us. Oh, God.
Let's run away immediately.
- Okay.
They are getting away.
I will catch them from the other side.
- You're going there?
Quick.
- Let me wear my suit.
There is no time.
Wear it on the road.
What will happen?
No need to open the sari.
Hurry up. Detective Bhanu.
Where are you going?
Upstairs.
Upstairs? - Yes. Why?
- To catch a thief.
To catch a thief? - Yes.
- Are you trying to fool Ram Singh?
I have caught him.
Bhanu, I have caught him.
Come quickly.
Bhanu, come fast. Bhanu, come fast.
It's you?
I thought it was Nupur Chatterjee.
Nupur Chatterjee.
Idiot. Follow me, quick.
Anjan Mukherjee's car?
Where did they go?
Why have you blocked the
road with the elephant?
Because of you, even I have
to run around like a thief.
What do you mean?
I mean that there are
thieves in the back and..
I don't know where to go ahead.
Fine. When I'm creating
so much of trouble for..
You then stop the car.
I will get down.
Nupur.
What?
I just called you by your name.
So, what happened?
- Okay.
Nupur, are both of us very foolish?
Why?
I mean, why we are running
away from detective Bhanu?
What other option do we have?
I mean, we both are adults. Right?
That is true.
Then.. why don't we.. I mean..
you know.. get married?
Married?
- Yes.
What are you saying?
The thing I have
been running away from..
Will I step into that very thing?
No, I mean this is not that marriage.
- Then?
You were supposed to be
married to the businessman.
Am I a businessman?
- Shut up.
My marriage was fixed to a girl
with artificial teeth and a wig.
Do you have artificial teeth?
Stop joking.
What do you want?
We want that?
- We want to get married.
Want to get married?
Yes.
- Yes.
Sit down. Sit down.
You want to get married?
- Yes.
Have you won a lottery?
What do you mean by lottery?
I mean, that without the support
of at least a few lakh rupees..
Does anyone want to
get married these days?
The price of vegetables has risen.
Will you eat or sell?
I will eat.
I mean, I haven't won a lottery.
But I earn a living.
- Oh. - Yes.
That is why we want to
be husband and wife.
I understood that.
But do you know what
a domestic animal is?
Yes, I know that.
It means dog, cow, goat.
Wrong answer.
Domestic animal means ideal husband.
You will eat less,
but give more milk.
I mean earn more.
One more thing, young man.
Never tell your wife
that you love her.
If you say so,
you will have to pay taxes.
Will you remember?
Yes. I mean no.
Yes, I will remember.
I will never mention it to her.
Now, please get us
married soon, sir.
How can I get you married soon?
It takes one month's
notice for civil marriage.
One month? We can't wait one month.
We need to get married today itself.
Please find a way out, sir.
I understood. Readymade marriage?
Yes, readymade.
There is provision for that as well.
- Really?
I will call a priest and
make you wear a turban.
But I will take double fees.
Sir, I'm ready to treble your fees.
It is a readymade marriage.
You will treble my fees? Treble?
Nupur? Our marriage
seemed like a game of lottery.
Isn't it?
Did you win or lose in the lottery?
You tell me.
- I won't say. First, you say.
First, your say.
Sir! Sir!
Bhanu, without finding
out anything..
You sent a telegram to Delhi?
What do you mean I didn't find out?
I have found out
everything and have sent a..
Telegram to Nupur's father.
He is coming tomorrow.
How do you know?
He sent a telegram.
You sent a telegram to
the gentleman to come.
But how will you recognise him?
I told him in the telegram
to put a red rose in his suit.
Bhanu, you are a genius.
- Yes.
To become a detective,
you have to use your intellect.
Good morning, gentlemen?
- Good morning.
We are waiting for you?
For me?
- Yes. Why?
I told you that in the telegram.
You must be making a mistake?
What are you saying?
Robert Blake can make a mistake,
not Bhanu Roy.
The red rose on your
suit proves that you got..
My telegram,
put the rose and got off the plane.
Now, come with me.
Where?
- To take you to your lost daughter.
What? My daughter is lost?
Here is my daughter.
She is so jolly.
I understood. You are thugs.
I will inform the police.
Come, dear. Police. Police.
His daughter is not lost.
We got a wrong number.
Did you see?
This time around, you go.
What if there is a
wrong number again?
No, no. Go on.
- Shall I?
Why are you worried,
I'm here with you? Go.
If you say so. Then I will go.
You must be Dr. Digambar Chatterjee?
- Yes.
Thank you. Bhanu.
It's not a wrong number.
Come here fast.
Who are you?
I will answer.
Dr. Digambar Chatterjee.
And he is the great, greater,
greatest Detective Bhanu.
And I'm his assistant Jahar.
You don't seem like detective to me.
That's our disguise.
Where is my daughter?
She is here.
Where's she?
Why are you getting impatient?
She is here. We have a car.
Come with us.
Is this your car?
Yes. Just like detective
Bhanu is a classic in India.
The car is also a classic. Hop in.
Not over there. On the stool.
Oh, my God. On that stool?
- Yes.
We could have gone in my car.
Hey, Jahar.
You'll have to push the car.
What? - Push the car.
- Push the car?
What is this?
- Don't mind.
Frustrating.
Whom do you want?
Are you Anjan Mukherjee?
- Yes. And you are?
Where is my daughter? Where's she?
What do you mean your daughter?
You must have hidden my daughter.
Where is my daughter? Tell me.
Where is my daughter?
I don't know you, sir.
How will I know your daughter?
What an awkward situation.
Shut up. You liar.
If you know what's good for you,
give me my daughter.
Oh, what a pest he is.
Listen, sir. No one but my
wife stays here with me.
You don't have
anyone besides your wife?
You again?
Yes, we again. Call your wife.
Please call her.
Yes, call her. I have to identify her.
- Yes.
But she is not here.
She has gone to the market.
She has gone to the market?
Mr. Anjan, you are a sly fox.
And a sly fox with an elephant.
Shut up. With a hen.
- Hen.
Listen, boy, give me
my daughter or else..
I will hand you to the police.
I will charge you with kidnapping.
You idiot.
You loafer.
How dare you say?
- What? How dare you say?
What?
Anjan. - Mother.
- Anjan.
Mother.
Anjan, what you have
written in the telegram..
Is it the truth?
- Yes.
So you got married?
Whom did you marry and when? - Yes.
Without my permission, you got married?
- I..
You estranged me?
Had your father been alive..
Would you still have
estranged me like this?
Oh, no. Mother.
Mother, why are you crying?
Don't cry. - Just because
your father is no more..
When did I estrange you? - That's why
you married without telling me.
I found you such a good bride.
- The girl I got married to is good too.
She is a good girl.
You will like her if you see her.
There she comes.
Take this.
- There you are.
Father.
So, this witch brainwashed you.
And because of this witch,
you didn't..
Marry the girl of my choice?
Dare you. Dare you. -
You've shamed the family.
Excuse me, madam.
You have no right to
call my daughter a witch.
In fact, your son is a monster.
Listen, Mother, what
he's saying. - What?
My darling son is a monster?
Yes, he is a monster.
Not only is he a monster,
your son is an Orangutan. - Mother.
And your daughter is a bedlam.
Dare you call my daughter anything?
Mother, she's my wife.
That is my wife.
What is happening here?
Will you start rioting?
Shut up. My daughter
is being disrespected?
Dr. Digambar Chatterjee
has never been dishonoured.
What name did he say?
What was the name?
Digambar. Dr. Digambar Chatterjee.
- Dr. Digambar Chatterjee.
Ask him whether he stays in Delhi?
- Do you..
Yes. Number 13, Daryaganj. So what?
What a coincidence? Don't mind,
we fought for no reason.
We have made a grave mistake.
- Grave mistake?
Your daughter's wedding was
fixed with my son. - What?
Tell him. Tell him
your father's name.
Father's name is
late Avinash Mukherjee.
Late who?
- Avinash Mukherjee.
A resident of Lucknow?
- Yes.
What a coincidence?
Why didn't you tell me
that you are Avinash's son?
I didn't get a chance to
say anything. You came and..
How strange. I wanted to
make you my son-in-law.
Nupur, if you had to marry Anjan..
Then why did you
run away from home?
Uncle Panu said that the
groom is short and dark.
Your uncle Panu is a fool.
You ran away from home based..
On what uncle Panu said?
Uncle Panu said such things.
Now, pay respect to
your mother-in-law.
Come, dear.
God bless you. I wanted a
daughter-in-law like this.
Your prayers have been answered.
- So you agree she's not a witch.
No, no.
Bhanu, don't I have any chance?
What kind of a chance?
To get a beauty.
I will strangle you to death.
We have to wait for
our money. Rs.10,000.
Let it be. Don't mind me for calling
you a monster. - No, no. I was..
I am very happy.
Even we are very happy.
I was saying that you
were saved from the..
Expenditures of marriage.
So, please increase the amount.
Exactly. My friends, you
have done well for yourself.
You deserve it.
I will write a cheque of
10,000 and I will add the rest.
Wait. I remember
what I had advertised.
I had written in the
advertisement that..
The one who manages
to find my daughter..
Ms. Nupur Chatterjee,
I will give that person..
Rs.10,000 as reward.
We found her.
- No. - No?
No, you didn't find her.
Firstly, the girl you
found is Mrs., not a Ms.
Secondly,
she is Mrs. Nupur Mukherjee not..
Ms. Nupur Chatterjee.
So, how can I reward
you with anything?
Never mind,
it's a happy occasion today.
That is why you take something.
May I tell you something?
Yes, you may. - Your name
shouldn't have been a doctor.
You should have been a lawyer.